pmbok7|125	You are working on an agile project and you are planning your product backlog for the next 3 to 6 months. You have some high-level features or feature ideas from various parts of your organization, from frontline staff to executives to dire  || CORRECT: Work with the requesters and your technical experts to create a business model canvas for each feature.
pmbok7|126	You are working in a new agile team where the work has started to slow and there is uncertainty and low team engagement. You set time to create a team charter with your team, agree on roles and responsibilities, and team cadence. What will   || CORRECT: Create a product vision statement showing the value you are bringing and the why behind the work.
pmbok7|127	You are integrating a third-party system as part of your project. The developers in your project team have not worked on this system before but they believe the language and layout is the same and they should be able to implement it. Adding  || CORRECT: Note the estimate of 5 weeks and update the assumption log with the technical assumption that the languages and layout i
pmbok7|128	Your agile project has delivered three features so far and is halfway through delivering the latest improvement. During a brainstorming session, one of your customers comes up with a new feature idea. You check and the benefit is high and t  || CORRECT: Place the item in the backlog and reprioritize it to be next.
pmbok7|129	One of the senior users testing your product has found that it was missing a key requirement that he had assumed would be there. It was not noted in the project scope, which has been baselined already. You check the impact to cost and sched  || CORRECT: Note the outcome in the change log and communicate it to your stakeholders.
pmbok7|130	You are working on a hybrid project to replace an aging customer system that has just had a feature upgrade release. The senior developer raises a concern during the daily standup that the system doesn't seem to be able to connect to some p  || CORRECT: Raise it in the issue log, assign it to a responsible party, and work with them to find a resolution.
pmbok7|131	You are working on an agile project where your project team have raised multiple risks to project delivery. Some of these risks may impact your cost and schedule significantly. Your program manager asks you to manage them using a risk adjus  || CORRECT: Place at least one risk response in each Sprint in an agile project to manage and close.
pmbok7|132	You are delivering a project to a functional area in your organization. The project is highly complex and there are many risks to project delivery. The functional manager would like to see the biggest risks that are assigned to her. What wi  || CORRECT: Show the risk register.
pmbok7|133	Your project has been in progress for the past 6 months. Someone you have not met before approaches you and says they have not been engaged sufficiently, even though he believes his team is highly impacted by the change. He advises he may b  || CORRECT: Add him to the stakeholder register including his impact and influence information.
pmbok7|134	You are a product owner on an agile project and you have created a product backlog of features in a prioritized order for delivery. You ask the team to break down the first feature into user stories and estimate their effort. What will you   || CORRECT: Create an iteration plan with your team.
pmbok7|135	You have worked with your project customer to create a list of features that will bring the most value to them. They would like to see when some of this value will be delivered and the expected outcomes of each. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Place the features on a release plan and show this to the customer.
pmbok7|136	You are in the planning stages of your project where you need to find out exactly what the project customer needs so you can find a solution and make it happen. Your business analysts are new to their roles and they are not sure what their   || CORRECT: Work with the business analyst to create a requirements management plan.
pmbok7|137	You are working on a new software application with a lot of complex interdependencies. The senior user providing and testing most of the requirements is concerned that some of those dependencies will cause errors upon release if they are no  || CORRECT: Review the test plan with the senior user.
pmbok7|138	You are planning your project and have captured the requirements from the project customer. You ask your team to plan the project scope but they need to see exactly what needs to be delivered and how each part relates to each other. What wi  || CORRECT: Create a product breakdown structure with your team.
pmbok7|139	You have just finished breaking down the scope with your project team that will meet your customer's requirements. Your program manager wishes to control the project scope so any changes go through the proper process. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Baseline the project scope and note it in the configuration management plan so that it is a baselined item.
pmbok7|140	You have planned and begun the current Sprint where the project team have committed to delivering and releasing a particular feature. You need to see how the team are tracking towards their Sprint goal. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Review the Sprint burndown chart.
pmbok7|141	Your agile project has recently been merged into a larger program and the program manager is reviewing how the project is tracking. She asks you how much has been completed in design, but also how much has been completed in development, tes  || CORRECT: Show her the team cumulative flow diagram
pmbok7|142	The features developed by your agile team have added some complexity to your website, delivered quickly with no time to refactor the code. You believe the user stories are moving slower now as a result, but you can't be sure. What will you   || CORRECT: Check the cycle time chart of the team
pmbok7|143	You are working on an agile project with a full product road map for the next 6 months. Your project team are not sure what the next feature does or how they should turn it into user stories. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Story mapping with your team
pmbok7|144	You are a program manager on a large-scale agile program where each project team has its own scrum master. You need to know the rate at which work is flowing through each team so you can see if there are any blockers or issues and whether t  || CORRECT: Review the team velocity charts
pmbok7|145	Your project has been executing for the past 5 months and due to an organizational change a new project sponsor has come on board. He asks where the project is up to and whether it is on track. You tell him but he wants more information. Wh  || CORRECT: Review the status report and previous status reports with the sponsor
pmbok7|146	Your agile project needs a third-party vendor to help complete the work. The product owner has multiple features on their road map which may change over time, making the scope of your project uncertain. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Create a Cost Plus incentive fee contract with your procurement team
pmbok7|147	Your project is releasing a number of upgrades to a commercial building over the next 12 months. Material costs have changed a lot recently. You need to budget for the materials required; however, the volume of materials may change signific  || CORRECT: Create an indefinite delivery indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract for the materials
pmbok7|148	You have completed a make-or-buy analysis and agreed to hire a third-party vendor to complete part of your product. You create the statement of work and have a list of acceptable sellers that will meet the source selection criteria. The wor  || CORRECT: Send a request for quotation
pmbok7|149	Your project is new and the team have just come on board. There have been multiple disagreements and the work is slow as they try to understand where they fit in the project and the team. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Review the team charter
pmbok7|150	You have created a high-level view of the features your project will deliver and prioritized them in a prioritized product backlog. The development team is ready to start work but they don't know where to start as the information is too hig  || CORRECT: Help the team break the features down into user stories to place in a Sprint
agile|1	You're working as an agile project manager and the executive manager who will own the product would like to focus primarily on only set processes and tools to manage the project. What would you recommend to them instead of set processes and  || CORRECT: Focus primarily on the individuals and interactions involved
agile|2	The executive management in your organization has assembled a new team and dictated that they will use agile for their product development. As the project progresses there is confusion about product scope and the definition of what done loo  || CORRECT: Encourage a self-organizing team to form including the people who asked for the requirements in the first place and the 
agile|3	You're running an agile project and you meet with the team for the next sprint planning meeting. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: The product owner shares the updated backlog and the team discusses it to ensure a shared understanding
agile|4	You're a project manager working on an agile project and you want your team to maximize the value they bring to the customer. What can you eliminate in order to maximize project value?  || CORRECT: Unnecessary features
agile|5	You're working on a project and the team have recently moved to an agile way of work. One of the team members is confused about scrum and what typically happens after the sprint review. What will you tell them happens next?  || CORRECT: Hold a sprint retrospective with the team
agile|6	You're working in an agile team and preparing the agile team charter. You work with the agile team to ensure the team charter answers four questions: why are we doing this project, and who benefits from the project. What are the other two q  || CORRECT: What does done mean for the project, and how are we going to work together
agile|7	You're working with a new agile project manager and explain that agile favors value-based measurements instead of predictive-based measurements on a project. What is an example of value-based measurements?  || CORRECT: Feature burn down chart, features delivered, and customer satisfaction
agile|8	Agile Unified Process is an auxiliary agile method that focuses on performing more iterative cycles across seven key disciplines, incorporating associated feedback before formal delivery. What is NOT one of the seven key disciplines within   || CORRECT: Discipline in managing stakeholders' expectations
agile|9	You're leading a coaching session with your project team on the additional agile and lean frameworks that have contributed to the agile way of work. What frameworks will you share with the team?  || CORRECT: Scaled Agile Framework and Large-Scale Scrum
agile|10	Introduced by Alistair Cockburn in his book Crystal Clear and created by IBM in 1991, this framework focuses on individuals and their interactions opposed to processes and tools. It is not a set process but a guideline for the team to colla  || CORRECT: People change functions
agile|11	You're working on a project in the role of Scrum Master and have set a meeting with the team and the product owner to refine the product backlog. What should the team do in this meeting?  || CORRECT: Estimate and refine the work items
agile|12	You're working with a team who would like to become agile. The functional manager asks you what the difference between Kanban and Scrum is. What will you tell them?  || CORRECT: Kanban teams employ a pull system
agile|13	You're working on a new project with an agile product development team who have self-formed and chosen a Scrum Master called Jeremy. Jeremy immediately sets a meeting with the team to explain and flesh out their team charter. What has made   || CORRECT: He shows servant leadership and engages the team in team decisions
agile|14	You're managing a project as an agile project manager and a business representative for the product you're delivering asks you how many defects were found in the latest round of testing. You don't know the answer off the top of your head. W  || CORRECT: Take him to the team area where the information radiator with project information is displayed
agile|15	You're working in a company that is moving from a waterfall methodology to agile. You mention to the business unit manager that the team will be better prepared to respond to change and meet customer needs using agile. Why is this?  || CORRECT: The agile team works directly with a business owner or representative to constantly prioritize delivered value
agile|16	For agile life cycles two kinds of planning occur: release planning and iteration planning. In release planning, business representatives such as the product owner establish and prioritize the user stories for release in collaboration with   || CORRECT: The coach encourages the team to work alone so no one bothers them
agile|17	Behaviour Driven Development (BDD) allows a developer to focus on testing code based on the expected behavior of the software and is a method of writing user stories and acceptance criteria. What is the correct description regarding Behavio  || CORRECT: Given, when, then
agile|18	Every project has characteristics around requirements, delivery, change, and goals. Understanding the different types of life cycle allows you to choose the right one for your project. What is the correct description for a waterfall approac  || CORRECT: Predictive, fixed requirements, performed once for the entire project, in a single delivery
agile|19	Every project has characteristics around requirements, delivery, change, and goals. Understanding the different types of life cycle allows you to choose the right one for the circumstances of your project. What is the correct description fo  || CORRECT: Dynamic requirements, repeated until correct, in a single delivery
agile|20	The team charter is also a social contract. Which of the below is NOT usually a part of an agile team charter?  || CORRECT: Schedule performance index and cost performance index for the project
agile|21	The team charter is also a social contract. Which of the below is NOT usually a part of an agile team charter? A) Team values such as sustainable pace and core hours B) Working agreements such as what 'ready' means and what 'done' means C)   || CORRECT: Schedule performance index and cost performance index for the project
agile|22	You're working with a team that is new to agile and you're using Scrum to manage the project. The business representative is confused about the difference between a sprint review and a sprint retrospective. What will you tell them? A) Sprin  || CORRECT: Sprint reviews are for product demonstrations; sprint retrospectives are for lessons learned
agile|23	The agile team for which you're the project manager has determined several key features to deliver to the customer. How should these tasks be tackled by the team? A) The features should be prioritized, tested, and delivered incrementally B)  || CORRECT: The features should be prioritized, tested, and delivered incrementally
agile|24	You're working on an agile project and the project team have just finished an iteration. All tasks for the iteration have been completed and you're ready to move on to the next iteration, but you're not sure what the team should work on. Wh  || CORRECT: Ask the product owner who continuously prioritizes the backlog
agile|25	While meeting with the customers or business owners, they introduce several pieces of new functionality into the product backlog. The deadline for the product cannot be changed. What will you do next? A) Tell the team to work overtime in or  || CORRECT: Be sure the customers understand that lower priority features may drop off the project completely
agile|26	Every project has characteristics around requirements, delivery, change, and goals. Understanding the different types of lifecycle will allow you to choose the right one for the circumstances of your project. What is the correct description  || CORRECT: Dynamic requirements, performed once for a given increment, with frequent smaller deliveries
agile|27	There are certain core practices that are common amongst various agile frameworks and are used within any team that calls themselves agile. Which of the below is NOT a core agile practice? A) Team iteration planning B) Collaborative user st  || CORRECT: Autocratic leadership to ensure the work gets done
agile|28	Poor specifications are often a major reason for project failure. In agile development, user stories are written with developers, testers, and business representatives with frequent reviews to ensure they are correct. Which of the following  || CORRECT: The project sponsor must sign off on all user stories in advance
agile|29	In continuous integration, configuration management, compilation, software build, deployment, and testing are wrapped into a single automated repeatable process. Which of the following is correct regarding continuous integration? A) Defects  || CORRECT: Defects are detected more quickly because teams constantly integrate, build, and test their work
agile|30	Agile has certain core practices used within any team working in an agile way. Which of the following is NOT a core practice of agile? A) The whole team approach where any person who is needed is brought into the project team B) Early and f  || CORRECT: Reporting to executives to ensure they're happy with your project
agile|31	You're working on an agile project as an agile project manager. You look at the product backlog and ensure that several features or minimum viable products (MVPs) can be scheduled for delivery throughout the duration of the project. Why is   || CORRECT: To enable the business to get value quickly as the features are delivered
agile|32	You're working on a complex software project but you see that the team uses a whiteboard and writes tasks on cards or sticky notes. The business representative seems put off by the use of these low-tech tools on such a high-profile technolo  || CORRECT: The team is using the principle of visual management and by using a physical board it is transparent to anyone who needs
agile|33	Agile teams practice frequent verification and validation during and at the end of each iteration through demonstrations and reviews. Which of the following is NOT a benefit of demos and reviews?  || CORRECT: It keeps everyone busy and gives them something to do
agile|34	You're on an agile software implementation project with a very short deadline. How do agile teams shorten the time between identifying a defect and resolving that defect?  || CORRECT: Continuous integration
agile|35	With all the different methods of testing either a software or a product deliverable, when should the team determine the acceptance test criteria for the feature or story card?  || CORRECT: During the estimation and elaboration of the card with the product owner, business analysts, and development team
agile|36	Every project has characteristics around requirements, delivery, change, and goals. Understanding the different types of life cycle will allow you to choose the right one for the circumstances of your project. Choose the correct description  || CORRECT: Dynamic requirements, repeated until correct, with frequent smaller deliveries
agile|37	Continuous integration wraps software build, deployment, and testing into a single automated repeatable process. Which of the following best describes what this merging process does?  || CORRECT: It integrates all changed components regularly, at least once a day
agile|38	Crystal is one of the original frameworks that contributed to agile. It is designed to scale and realizes that each project may require a slightly tailored set of practices based on the size and complexity of the project. What are the core   || CORRECT: People, interaction, and community
agile|39	Crystal is designed to scale and realizes that each project may require a slightly different tailored set of practices based on its size and complexity. What are some of the ways that Crystal scales?  || CORRECT: Crystal clear, yellow, orange, and red based on the number of people
agile|40	You're working through an agile project with your team meeting daily in a daily stand-up. What is NOT one of the reasons that agile teams use daily stand-ups?  || CORRECT: To report to the executive team
agile|41	You're a project manager on an agile project that is halfway through the project. The project sponsor is starting to raise concerns that the project will not be completed in the allotted time. What will you do to gather the information nece  || CORRECT: Review the team velocity, the product burn down chart, and other key performance indicators
agile|42	You're attending a kickoff meeting with the agile team and the business owners. The scrum master recommends using MoSCoW to help prioritize the work with the product and the business owners. How does MoSCoW prioritize the product backlog?  || CORRECT: Using must have, should have, could have, and will not have
agile|43	Agile teams use different methods to manage their work in progress or WIP. The business sponsor believes that removing the limits to work in progress will help the team take on more work and get their product delivered faster. What will you  || CORRECT: Work in progress limits ensure the team focuses on one main thing at a time and avoids the time cost of switching tasks
agile|44	You're working on an agile team that includes many stakeholders who have not worked with an agile project in the past. Several stakeholders have some valid concerns about some agile methods. As a servant leader or project coach, what will y  || CORRECT: Educate the stakeholders, address their concerns, and keep them engaged
agile|45	You're working on an agile project with stakeholders who are keen to know why it is so important to incorporate multiple touch points with them before, during, and after iterations.  || CORRECT: To raise and manage changes and to identify potential risks and issues
agile|46	Teams use daily stand-ups to micro commit to each other, uncover and remove blockers, and ensure that work flows smoothly through the team. What is NOT true about stand-ups?  || CORRECT: Only people in the project team can attend
agile|47	Features are completed in an agile project usually in the form of multiple user stories. When a feature is complete, the team periodically demonstrates the working product to the customer. When do these demonstrations or reviews occur?  || CORRECT: Often at the end of an iteration, or when enough features have been completed into a set that is coherent
agile|48	Disciplined Agile is a process decision framework that blends various agile techniques. Which of the following principles are NOT a part of Disciplined Agile?  || CORRECT: Self-promotion — working to improve your own personal brand
agile|49	Disciplined Agile is a process decision framework that blends various agile techniques. Which of the following are principles FROM Disciplined Agile?  || CORRECT: Learning oriented, goal driven, and scalable
agile|50	Dynamic Systems Delivery Method (DSDM) is one of the founding methods with an input into agile, designed to add more rigor to the rising iterative methods of the 1990s. It's most known for its emphasis on constraint-driven delivery. Which o  || CORRECT: Focus on the business need and deliver on time — scope is variable and prioritized to meet fixed constraints
agile|51	You are working with the developers in an agile team who are using a test driven development approach. They ask you whether they should operate using something called a red green refactor. What are they referring to?  || CORRECT: Where a test is written first that fails, then it passes once the solution is developed, and then it can be refactored o
agile|52	You are an agile project manager and you are working with the product owner of the agile team. There are several key deliverables that have been identified and listed in the product backlog. What will the agile team do next?  || CORRECT: The tasks should be prioritized, developed and tested incrementally
agile|53	A team new to agile has worked closely with the product owner and has identified the highest value features of the project. What is one reason to break down those features into increments and deliver them as soon as possible?  || CORRECT: To reduce the risk of the feature no longer providing value for the customer
agile|54	You are an agile project manager working closely with the scrum master and the agile team. The scrum master mentions that agile works differently with risk compared to a traditional project. He sets a meeting with you and the team to talk t  || CORRECT: Ensure the team notes and schedules high risk activities early in the project so they are mitigated quickly
agile|55	You are a project manager on an agile project that requires an external third party to develop software for one of your features. You have worked with the project team to gather the requirements and the backlog of product features. You begi  || CORRECT: Request that the contract is one that accommodates changes to product scope