waterfall|23	You've planned the scope, schedule, cost, and resources with your team. You've also identified a large number of risks within the project. You're in the process of assigning the probability and impact to the risks when one of the risks occu  || CORRECT: Review or create the risk response in the risk register and then use the appropriate contingency reserve to implement it
waterfall|24	A significant change has been made to the project scope after finding a serious system flaw. This scope change will impact the scope, cost, and schedule of the project. You analyze the impacts to each, raise an issue in the issue log, and a  || CORRECT: Check the change management plan for the Change Control Board members and process
waterfall|25	Five major defects have been found during quality testing, resulting in the scope changing significantly and affecting your schedule and budget. You have analyzed the impacts and raised change requests for each. The Change Control Board has  || CORRECT: Record the outcomes in the change log and communicate the deferred and rejected changes to the change requester
waterfall|26	You're working through the scope of a newly kicked-off project. The senior user is unsure on how the requirements and scope come together to create a deliverable that will work for him and the functional manager. Your program manager sugges  || CORRECT: Create a work breakdown structure and define the activities in your schedule
waterfall|27	You have been assigned to take over a project in your organization and it has gone off track with scope creep causing the schedule and cost to increase. You can't quite understand the current cadence and the way of working within the team,   || CORRECT: Review the project management plan as this will house the cadence approach
waterfall|28	You're working on a complex engineering project where a significant amount of risk has been found with your team and the customer. The functional manager approaches to ask if she can work with your team to plan any risk responses. You agree  || CORRECT: Risk triggers, agreed response strategies, and residual risks after mitigation
waterfall|29	Your project is nearing completion. You have monitored and controlled quality through testing and risks with mitigations throughout your project life. The project sponsor is concerned that she won't know if the product being delivered has t  || CORRECT: Consult the benefits management plan and act in accordance with that process
waterfall|30	You are the project manager on a higher-profile software project that involves automation technology not used before in your company. Because of this, your team have no resources to complete that part of the project. The steering committee   || CORRECT: Create the procurement statement of work and source selection criteria
waterfall|31	You are a project manager working in the initial phases of a project trying to put together a document for your stakeholders to have your project approved. You remember the five C's of communication from your studies and decide to use them   || CORRECT: Use correct grammar and spelling, concise expression, elimination of excess words, clear purpose and expression directed
waterfall|32	You have been working with the stakeholders in your project for some time and the communication has been getting more and more tense with each interaction. You perform a stakeholder engagement assessment and discover the majority of your st  || CORRECT: Escalate the stakeholder issue to their functional manager to bring them back in line
waterfall|33	You have been working on a large database transfer project when the manager for data in your organization identifies the aging systems as a threat to your project. You review this with your project team and decide to perform qualitative ris  || CORRECT: Assign a probability of occurrence and an impact to the threat
waterfall|34	You're managing a project that has formed organically around an important process improvement. You have been given limited resources and a very small budget from the project sponsor. You are planning risk management with your team but you d  || CORRECT: Quantitative risk analysis
waterfall|35	You are the project manager on a waterfall project and you have planned the requirements, scope, and schedule with your team. You now need to create the cost estimates for your project. What will you NOT do as part of your cost estimates?  || CORRECT: Include the known cost of project changes and managing project change
waterfall|36	You've just taken over as project manager on a difficult waterfall project. Multiple project stakeholders have approached you and asked to make changes to different parts of the scope, cost, and schedule of your project. You're trying to fi  || CORRECT: Review the configuration management plan for baselined items
waterfall|37	You're new to a project and you've been approached by the functional manager. No one has been able to tell them exactly what the project is about and what they need to be aware of, including the high-level scope, schedule, risks, and who ap  || CORRECT: Review the project Charter and identify the stakeholders impacted by the change
waterfall|38	The project manager on your project recently left and you agreed to see the project through as it is nearly complete. The deliverables have been accepted and you just need to communicate the release to any and all affected stakeholders in t  || CORRECT: Review the communications management plan for how communication is managed
waterfall|39	You have been working on a project in your organization for some time. In the latest working group meeting, the project sponsor adds a new executive member to the group. As soon as they arrive, they raise a new scope item that was not in th  || CORRECT: Update the stakeholder register with the new stakeholder details
waterfall|40	Your project team have been complaining about poor stakeholder engagement in a certain part of the organization for some time. It's now impacting the project schedule and you may need to use your contingency reserve to crash the schedule an  || CORRECT: Perform root cause analysis on the problem with your team
waterfall|41	You are delivering a brand new product line into your organization, partly utilizing a third-party system. You have been working with the functional manager and her team to gather their expert judgment throughout development when they raise  || CORRECT: Update the risk register
waterfall|42	You have joined a car manufacturing company as a new project manager. Senior management have asked you to take the necessary steps that will enable you to kick-start a project in a corresponding area for designing a new electronic dashboard  || CORRECT: Gather the high-level requirements, scope, milestones, and risks for a project charter
waterfall|43	Your project team have just finished defining the scope of the project. They have matched the scope to the original requirements on a requirements traceability matrix. The team cannot agree on what to do next. What will you ask them to do?  || CORRECT: Review the scope management plan for direction on creating the work breakdown structure
waterfall|44	You have just taken over a project that is approximately halfway through and has used around 75 percent of its budget. A change to one of the features has been requested after extensive user acceptance testing and your project team cannot a  || CORRECT: Check the scope management plan for details on how to manage the scope
waterfall|45	You have been asked to work on a process improvement within your team. The manager has secured a developer to assist you with automating the process once it is streamlined, but you will need to make sure that they understand the process tho  || CORRECT: Gather your team and developer and create a flowchart together
waterfall|46	You are working on a new project where the design and the project work, including all of the scope and cost, have been planned up front. However, part of the project relies on a vendor creating a new add-on for your project, which will be s  || CORRECT: A hybrid approach combining pre-planned activities then iterations and ceremonies that promote collaboration and feedbac
waterfall|47	The project you are managing has defined the scope and created the scope baseline with the scope statement, the work breakdown structure, and the work breakdown structure dictionary. The project sponsor is unhappy with the planning process   || CORRECT: Define and sequence the activities and estimate their durations
waterfall|48	You are working on a project charter for the initiating stage of a new project that will deliver a new data system. You approach your enterprise data team and ask them for an estimate to deliver these changes. However, your project sponsor   || CORRECT: Perform a make or buy analysis with a payback period
waterfall|49	You are working on a project where the functional manager is unhappy with the changes being brought about to his part of the organization. He argues constantly, misses key meetings, demands multiple sign-offs to slow progress, and more. The  || CORRECT: Collaborate and problem solve with the manager
waterfall|50	You are working on a large multi-year project. You realize that the estimates from a year ago are extremely inaccurate and the project is now off track. You would like to try a different approach that gives a high-level view of future work   || CORRECT: Recommend a rolling wave planning approach
waterfall|51	You are in the initiating stages of a project working for a car manufacturer. Their vehicles have been losing market share due to the high price of fuel and the organization wants to build more fuel-efficient cars. You've been asked to put   || CORRECT: Compare the specifications of popular branded fuel efficient cars available in the market with your products
waterfall|52	When reviewing the project performance with your team you notice the following: Activity A is on the critical path delayed by 5 days; Activity B is not on the critical path; Activity C is on the critical path; Activity D is not on the criti  || CORRECT: A, C, B, D
waterfall|53	As your project begins it becomes clear that most of the business analysts, developers and testers are not familiar with the system that they'll be modifying. The project sponsor asks you to address this as a potential future quality issue   || CORRECT: Preventative costs
waterfall|54	You have finished project planning, all baselines and documents have been approved and the project team is ready to begin project execution. Your team have planned and estimated the activities and resources required. What are you going to d  || CORRECT: Obtain the team members, facilities, equipment, materials, supplies and other resources necessary to complete the projec
waterfall|55	You've been working on a large waterfall project for some time and one of the business analysts working with you has shown interest in taking on higher duties and moving into a project management role. What advice will you give them?  || CORRECT: Work on their knowledge and skills in leadership, and strategic and business management
waterfall|56	You're working as a project manager in an organization with a new project management office. They advise all project managers to fulfill their numerous roles within their sphere of influence. What is your responsibility when it comes to the  || CORRECT: Proactively interact with other project managers for demands on the same resources, funding, and alignment of project go
waterfall|57	You have just joined an organization and you're about to be allocated to an existing project delivering a new human resources system. You've heard that the project is behind its delivery milestones and is over budget by forty thousand dolla  || CORRECT: Start by understanding how the organization works, including its politics and power
waterfall|58	You're working in an organization where a large change is happening to multiple departments. You have been asked to manage this change as a project and allocate people within your project team with sufficient leadership skills. What will yo  || CORRECT: People who ensure the work is done their way to ensure the fastest approach
waterfall|59	You've started as a junior project manager on an internal process improvement project within your existing team. Your project manager asks you to be aware of and use the various forms of power available to you. What is the best type of powe  || CORRECT: Informational power
waterfall|60	You're working on a new waterfall project where the scope and cost have been planned up front. As the project progresses you notice several tasks going off track and falling behind. Luckily these tasks are not on the critical path and they   || CORRECT: Resource smoothing
waterfall|61	About a third of your project team have worked on a similar project in the past. They have gathered the requirements and created a high level scope. It is time to estimate the size and effort involved. However, the customer believes things   || CORRECT: Estimate the scope using analogous estimating
waterfall|62	You have been asked to monitor the changes to a product before completing your next project phase. You review the control chart. The data is within the upper and lower limits. You have an upward trend of four data points and six points abov  || CORRECT: Proceed with the next phase as the process is within control
waterfall|63	You are working in the process of planning the resources required for your project. Work on your project has not started as your team are not sure what they should be doing. You decide to create the resource management plan with your team.   || CORRECT: Roles and responsibilities with their role details, authority and competence
waterfall|64	A quality assurance manager has been hired externally to test the project and manage defects. She executed the process in the quality management plan with her testing team where they found a high number of low impact defects. You need to se  || CORRECT: Histogram
waterfall|65	The project you are working on has recently started and the team has come together from many different parts of the organization, each with their own agenda. There are lots of small conflicts in the team and there is little work getting don  || CORRECT: Force a decision for the conflicts
waterfall|66	During your project your company was taken over by another larger company and the project management office and its policies were changed. The project customer has already formally accepted the deliverables. The project has completed delive  || CORRECT: Gather the details of the accepted deliverables, any agreements and procurement documentation in order to close the proj
waterfall|67	One of your stakeholders with a very high influence within the company has raised an urgent change that they want implemented within the next two weeks. You check the change management plan and see that changes can be approved by the projec  || CORRECT: Decide on the changes, approve the changes and track the changes
waterfall|68	You are in the process of measuring the outcome of one of your deliverables on the business. The data shows that there seems to be an improvement but the range of results is very wide. You are able to get very clear results. Based on these   || CORRECT: The results have low accuracy but high precision - the deliverable process should be improved
waterfall|69	In the last few months your project team have had a large amount of conflict finding their role and place within the team. They are starting to work together and adjust their work habits and behaviors to support the team. As a leader, what   || CORRECT: The team is in the norming stage - help them move into performing so they can truly deliver great outcomes
waterfall|70	You have used a project charter and statement to create the project management plan. You present the plan to key stakeholders including the project sponsor and you sense a high level of dissatisfaction by the customer executives. They do no  || CORRECT: Work together with your customer to create a narrative scope statement outlining the deliverables
waterfall|71	You have planned, executed, and monitored a project to completion. The customer has just received the finished product and would like to close the project. The customer advises you that they are not happy with the received product, that you  || CORRECT: Review the claims process in the contract and negotiate with them to settle the claim.
waterfall|72	You are in the process of creating a project charter for your organization to try and gain resources for an automated process improvement. The project sponsor is also the functional manager in charge of the resources for that area, and she   || CORRECT: Rework the project charter to include the benefits management plan and success measures.
waterfall|73	You are working on a complex, high-value project to replace the telecommunications system across your organization. You have created a request for quote for vendors to respond to, including source selection criteria and a statement of work,  || CORRECT: Approach organizational senior management for approval to award the contract.
waterfall|74	You have been planning your project using a waterfall methodology and need to estimate the resources required with your team. Your project management office recently stopped using third parties or off-site workers and mandated resources to   || CORRECT: Perform alternatives analysis on the impact of both on-site and off-site workers for the project.
waterfall|75	You have been working on a project where the organization wanted only on-site workers. While you believed the project needed specific skills that were only available off-site, you worked through the various options and agreed to use the on-  || CORRECT: Use problem solving with your team and negotiation with the project sponsor.
waterfall|76	You are working on a very high infrastructure project that is critical to your organization. The team are experienced in this area after working on this project for the past 12 months. During a working group meeting they mentioned they are   || CORRECT: Define the problem with data, identify the root cause, and generate possible solutions to choose from.
waterfall|77	You are creating a high-level project charter which has now been approved. The project sponsor expects you to get to work straight away and you do not know who to approach or who is available to help you with this project. What will you do   || CORRECT: Identify stakeholders with an organizational breakdown chart and include this in your project plan.
waterfall|78	You have been assigned to address the fast-moving competition that is rapidly taking market share from your company. Your executive manager advises you that the company only has 12 months before jobs will be lost, but there are currently no  || CORRECT: Create a project business case including the business need, the situation analysis, and solution options.
waterfall|79	You have just started work on a project that has been in development for the past six months. You notice it has been through a large amount of project steps that you are unfamiliar with, such as concept development, feasibility study, commi  || CORRECT: Familiarize yourself with the organization's process and adhere to the enterprise environmental factors.
waterfall|80	The project management office is looking for your help in hiring and coaching new project managers and they ask you to interview the next candidate for roles in upcoming projects. In speaking with the candidate, they do not have any industr  || CORRECT: Ask them what their focus on a project would be: the schedule, financial reports, or the issue log.
waterfall|81	Your project Charter has recently been approved and you are gathering the customer requirements that will form the basis of your project. The project customer advises that they have been burned by previous project deliveries in the past whe  || CORRECT: Call a focus group with the customer experts and brainstorm requirements with them
waterfall|82	Your deliverables have recently been quality checked by a specialist testing team and passed with flying colors. You take them to the project sponsor for approval so you can move to project closure. The project sponsor accepts all the deliv  || CORRECT: Raise a change request for the items along with the reasons for non-acceptance of those deliverables
waterfall|83	You have gathered the customer requirements with your team and are finishing the creation of the scope statement. You need to baseline the project scope to ensure future changes are tracked as necessary. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Create a work breakdown structure and work breakdown structure dictionary with your team
waterfall|84	You've been planning your project using a waterfall methodology. The project team have collected the requirements from the customer who is eager to begin work as soon as possible. You set a meeting with the business analysts in your team to  || CORRECT: Include the scope description, deliverables, acceptance criteria, and exclusions
waterfall|85	You've been assigned to a project that is behind schedule. Some of your team approach you and ask you what they should be working on. You check with your team and one of your senior analysts recommends you work together to create the work b  || CORRECT: Work with the senior analyst to create a resource assignment Matrix instead and coach them on the difference between a r
waterfall|86	The project Charter has been approved and you've identified the stakeholders you'll be working with and who will be impacted as the project progresses. You notice multiple stakeholders who seem to be actively trying to sabotage your project  || CORRECT: Review the stakeholder engagement assessment Matrix and invite feedback from those who are resistant
waterfall|87	Your project involves nearly a dozen teams who are dispersed around the country at different sites with thousands of impacted stakeholders. The executives in these areas are concerned with the changes the project will bring and are starting  || CORRECT: Create the communications management plan to ensure that their communication needs are met
waterfall|88	A number of risks have been raised on your project. You perform qualitative analysis to get a subjective risk rating but your project customer is not satisfied. They would like you to perform additional qualitative risk analysis beyond impa  || CORRECT: Urgency, proximity, and strategic impact of the risks
waterfall|89	One of the risks on your project is significantly large and could seriously impact your company if it ever came about. It has captured the attention of high-ranking executives who have each proposed a response and think that theirs is the b  || CORRECT: Note the various response options with their cost impact and their probability of occurrence
waterfall|90	You've recently become a project manager for a large organization and you're not sure what to expect. Your colleague tells you that the organization is large enough to have a substantial project management office and it is a directing PMO.   || CORRECT: Await being assigned to a project by the PMO
waterfall|91	The project customer approaches you as they are worried that the project is not delivering fast enough. You review the project schedule and cost so you can see how the project is tracking. The actual cost is $648,000, the earned value is $6  || CORRECT: Behind schedule and over budget
waterfall|92	The people and resources involved in your project are currently costing a large amount of money and your project sponsor comments about it frequently. You check how the project is tracking. The planned value is $840,000, the earned value is  || CORRECT: Add more resources to bring the project schedule back on track
waterfall|93	Team members from parts of the organization have been assigned to your project at an agreed level of 50% availability. As the project progresses you notice that they are being pulled back into their normal roles. You also notice that your p  || CORRECT: Talk with the functional managers and negotiate clear and written assignments with reliable scheduling priorities
waterfall|94	You have been planning a project with the manager of a functional area who needs to increase their profit by 57% in the next three years. You are helping him put together a business case. He has come up with 18 different project ideas to re  || CORRECT: Prioritize the ideas based on impact and cost and note the required, desired, or optional next to each of the projects i
waterfall|95	Your project Charter has been approved and your stakeholder analysis reveals multiple impacted highly paid executives with the power to influence your career. As you approach some of these stakeholders they raise their concerns about the pr  || CORRECT: Create your project management plan and review its detail regularly with the impacted or influential stakeholders
waterfall|96	You have just created your project management plan and are reviewing it with your stakeholders. It includes the subsidiary plans of scope management, schedule management, cost management, resources, and quality. Some of your stakeholders ra  || CORRECT: Create the configuration management plan, change management plan, and performance measurement baseline with your team an
waterfall|97	Part of your project work needs to be outsourced to a supplier. You are asked to ensure that the cost for the outsourced portion of the project does not exceed $1.2 million, and if the work comes in under cost and ahead of schedule you may   || CORRECT: Create a fixed price incentive fee contract for the seller
waterfall|98	You take the completed scope to your project sponsor for them to accept. The project sponsor advises she cannot accept the deliverables as she does not know the outcomes of testing and whether the scope met her requirements or needs further  || CORRECT: Review the quality report together with your testing leader and note which items may need change requests if any
waterfall|99	Multiple unforeseen events have happened that have set your project behind schedule and in trying to bring it back on track you have spent a considerable amount of money. Now the project sponsor has threatened to stop the project unless the  || CORRECT: Create a project estimate at completion and compare it to the budget at completion
waterfall|100	Your project plan includes an estimate of how long the project will take via a project schedule, how much it will cost, and the resources that will be required. The project sponsor believes the project can be done with around 34% fewer reso  || CORRECT: Create a basis of estimates with your project team and review this with your sponsor to agree on a way forward