agile|137	Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) again focuses on detailing practices, roles and activities in the portfolio, program and project levels and organizes the enterprise around value streams. What is NOT one of the SAFe principles?  || CORRECT: Make sure that stakeholders know when you did more work than your teammates
agile|138	Your agile project team has been delivering value to an organization in increments for some time. Executives within the organization would like to scale the approach across more teams to gain benefit from its way of work. Which of the below  || CORRECT: Kanban iteration retrospective
agile|139	The organization you're working in has decided to move towards an agile way of work and project life cycle approach. Which of the below is how you would describe an agile project life cycle?  || CORRECT: Both iterative and incremental to refine work items and deliver frequently
agile|140	There are four main project life cycle approaches to managing a project with variations in between. What is one of the characteristics of an iterative life cycle approach?  || CORRECT: It allows feedback for unfinished work to improve and modify that work
agile|141	You're working through a sprint planning meeting with your team. The team has sized up the cards and prioritized the backlog. What will you do next to determine how much work can be done during this iteration?  || CORRECT: Check the team's velocity against the number of points for the story cards that we want to complete
agile|142	You're an agile project manager working on the next feature for your product. The product owner has asked you for an estimate on how long the remainder of the features may take to complete. You look to the team's velocity chart. Why is this  || CORRECT: The team's average velocity across previous iterations is the best predictor of future iterations
agile|143	You are the agile lead or scrum master for your agile team and planning the next iteration that is about to begin. What will you do before planning the next iteration?  || CORRECT: Work with the product owner to prioritize the highest value ones to work on
agile|144	You are in the middle of a sprint with your agile team and moving the project forward with daily stand-up meetings. What is a stand-up meeting?  || CORRECT: A very quick meeting time-boxed at 15 minutes or less where the team says what they have accomplished and report any blo
agile|145	You are the agile project manager working on a software project and the development team has identified a major risk for the delivery of a certain feature. That feature is not scheduled until very late in the project. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Plan a spike around the risk to identify a solution, then prioritize that feature earlier in development
agile|146	Your agile project team is using scrum to manage the work and deliverables for your project. Which of the below is NOT one of the scrum events or artifacts?  || CORRECT: The team area
agile|147	Your agile team has been working with scrum for some time now and have become quite familiar with its events and ceremonies. You're asked to explain this to other stakeholders. What is NOT an example of a scrum event or ceremony?  || CORRECT: The change control board
agile|148	Scrum is a single team framework for managing product development. There are certain events, ceremonies, and roles and responsibilities within a scrum team. Which of the below is NOT a role or responsibility in a scrum team?  || CORRECT: Risk manager
agile|149	Agile servant leadership is one of the key foundations to an agile team where leadership, team participation, and openness are encouraged. Which of the below is NOT one of the characteristics of a servant leader?  || CORRECT: Reporting on low performers to ensure the team is streamlined
agile|150	Your team are about to proceed with the development of a new product for the organization. Depending on the product, stakeholders, risk appetite, need for value, and more, the life cycle or way of work will change. Which of the below repres  || CORRECT: It provides multiple finished deliverables that the customer can use immediately
agile|151	You are working with your agile team to size story cards and place them in upcoming iterations. You notice that the points allocated to the story cards are getting bigger and bigger with each release. Why might this be happening?  || CORRECT: Technical debt is being built on from previous releases
agile|152	The project sponsor of your agile team is quite familiar with lean and agile terms and methods. She has asked you for the average cycle time and the average lead time for the project so far. What will you give her?  || CORRECT: The average time to complete story cards and the time to complete features
agile|153	You are going over the velocity of your agile team and notice it has increased over the past two iterations. What might be the reason for this?  || CORRECT: The productivity of one team member has increased
agile|154	You are an agile project manager working with your agile team and talking through the defects raised on the project so far. To get a more accurate view of effort per card you ask the quality tester to begin tracking the defect cycle time. W  || CORRECT: How long it took to fix a defect from the time it was found to the time it was fixed
agile|155	You are checking in with the quality tester in your agile team and they advise you that there are a number of escaped defects in the most recently completed feature. What are they referring to?  || CORRECT: Defects that have made it through testing and quality assurance
agile|156	Agile approaches emphasize servant leadership to empower teams. Servant leadership is the practice of leading through service to the team, understanding and addressing the needs and development of team members to enable the highest performa  || CORRECT: Purpose, people and process
agile|157	You have been part of an agile team for some time and working on the aspects of servant leadership to improve the results in your team. What is NOT one of the characteristics of a servant leader?  || CORRECT: Ensuring the team does what you say
agile|158	You have delivered half of the features in your backlog for your agile project. You've noticed there's quite a difference in the number of defects over the last three iterations. You ask the team to investigate both the common cause and the  || CORRECT: Issues that arose from normal operations and issues that arose from a unique or new condition
agile|159	You have built an experienced agile team and have delivered constantly for your organization. The product owner who has been with you since the beginning has taken another job and a new teammate with very little experience joins the team. W  || CORRECT: The product owner must have previous experience in agile to work in the team
agile|160	The intent of the agile unified process is to perform more iterative cycles across seven key disciplines and incorporate the associated feedback before formal delivery. Which of the following is NOT a principle that guides AUP disciplines?  || CORRECT: Collective agreement of scope before delivery
agile|161	The 12 clarifying principles in agile were defined to give more clarity to the agile manifesto and core values. Which of the following is one of the 12 clarifying principles?  || CORRECT: Our highest priority is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software
agile|162	You are working with a new agile team and have reviewed the team velocity over the past three iterations. The maximum number of points completed was 35 and the fewest was 25. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Set 35 as the work in progress (WIP) limit and adjust it during future iterations if the team is able to pull more work
agile|163	You're the product owner in an agile team and have a list of features in a backlog that need to be developed. Each feature is assigned a dollar value representing the return on investment. You would like to create a risk-adjusted backlog. W  || CORRECT: Capture known risks for each feature and then place cards to control those risks and prioritize them in the backlog
agile|164	You're an agile project manager analyzing the risk for each feature in your backlog by assigning a probability and an impact score to each risk, then multiplying them to calculate risk severity. How will the team handle items with the highe  || CORRECT: Schedule them earlier in the project to reduce that risk impact over time
agile|165	The scrum master tells you that agile builds problem solving into its process in a number of ways using transparency tools and ceremonies. Which of the following is NOT something that is designed to reveal and solve problems?  || CORRECT: Writing user stories
agile|166	The whole team approach and cross-functional teams are core to agile. The team facilitator is a key member within the whole team. What is NOT correct regarding the team facilitator role?  || CORRECT: The team facilitator must have a degree in business
agile|167	You're rearranging a current agile team and you know that agile teams are cross-functional. What sort of team members will you select as you rearrange the team?  || CORRECT: Generalizing specialists with one focus specialty — a T-shaped person with one deep specialty and a wide range of experi
agile|168	You are working through the iteration with your agile team and are having some trouble completing one of the story cards in the sprint. It is dependent on something else being done and the contact is away. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Raise a blocker at the next daily stand-up so the team can swarm around the problem and solve it quickly.
agile|169	The product owner representing the business on your agile project is used to a more dictatorship style of leadership, telling people what to do. You explain that servant leadership is used in agile to ensure a safe and open environment. Why  || CORRECT: So the team feels free to ask for help, admit to problems or failures, and to improve.
agile|170	Feedback in many different forms is one of the most important parts of a successful agile product delivery. Which of the below is an agile method for gathering and using feedback to improve?  || CORRECT: Conducting sprint reviews or demonstrations that include all stakeholders.
agile|171	You are working on an agile project where the product business representative is pushing for more and more features to be delivered in each iteration. You know what they are asking is not possible based on your team's current velocity. What  || CORRECT: Show them the team velocity and the points allotted to the cards in the backlog, then ask them to prioritize the feature
agile|172	You are working on a traditional waterfall project and the functional manager wants to get the benefit of certain agile tools to uncover potential problems before they occur. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Make the product backlog, iteration kanban board, and velocity chart all visible in a co-located team area.
agile|173	The agile manifesto has 12 clarifying principles added to it to help projects and teams understand the agile values. Which of the below is a correct clarifying principle?  || CORRECT: Deliver working software frequently, from a couple of weeks to a couple of months, with a preference to the shorter time
agile|174	The agile manifesto has 12 clarifying principles. What is a correct 12th clarifying principle?  || CORRECT: Business people and developers must work together daily throughout the project.
agile|175	The agile manifesto has 12 clarifying principles added to it to help projects and teams understand the agile values. Which of the below is a correct clarifying principle?  || CORRECT: Build projects around motivated individuals and give them the environment and support they need, and trust them to get t
agile|176	The 12 agile clarifying principles also match up with the best advice for projects, leadership, and communication. Which of the below is a correct clarifying principle when it comes to project communication?  || CORRECT: The most efficient and effective method of conveying information to and within a development team is face-to-face commun
agile|177	The agile manifesto has 12 clarifying principles. Here is another clarifying principle. Which of the below is a correct agile clarifying principle?  || CORRECT: Working software is the primary measure of progress.
agile|178	You're new to your agile project and the team are working through the forming stages. How do you help the team improve as the project progresses?  || CORRECT: Hold a retrospective with the whole team at the end of each iteration and build those lessons learned into each new iter
agile|179	You are the agile project manager working through the product requirements for the product owner and executive project sponsor. The project sponsor raises concerns that the development team do not fully understand the requirements. What wil  || CORRECT: Ask the team to create a high level prototype of the requirements and then discuss and review that with all stakeholders
agile|180	The scrum master on your agile project has asked you for the total lead time of a particular feature. You add up the cycle time of all the cards that contributed to that feature. What other two factors must you take into consideration when   || CORRECT: Value-added time and non-value-added time
agile|181	When working in an agile team it is common to use prototypes, demonstrations and reviews, wireframes, and storyboards to elicit feedback from the customer or product owner. What is the benefit of using these tools?  || CORRECT: It allows the product owner to discuss and agree on requirements with their stakeholders
agile|182	You're finishing up the first iteration of your agile project and have set a retrospective for the whole team. One member of the team asks why they have this meeting and if they really need to go. What will you tell them?  || CORRECT: It's an opportunity for the whole team to look at their way of work and improve
agile|183	You're in the beginning stages of a new project where the organization would like to use agile to manage the project work. The executive manager asks you how the team will make quality everyone's responsibility, leverage the various skill s  || CORRECT: The whole team approach
agile|184	You're working in an agile project for some time and have been blocked by the need for expertise in another team. What do you do to overcome organizational silos?  || CORRECT: Work with the various managers of team members you need to have them dedicate the necessary individuals to our cross-fun
agile|185	The 12 agile clarifying principles also match up with the best advice for workflow and getting things done. Which of the below is a correct clarifying principle when it comes to project workflow?  || CORRECT: Agile processes promote sustainable development; the sponsors, developers, and users should be able to maintain a consta
agile|186	The 12 agile clarifying principles also match up with the best quality advice for quality. Which of the below is a correct agile clarifying principle when it comes to project quality?  || CORRECT: Continuous attention to technical excellence and good design enhances quality
agile|187	The 12 agile clarifying principles also match up with the best advice for keeping things simple in a project. Which of the below is a correct clarifying principle?  || CORRECT: Simplicity — the art of maximizing the amount of work not done — is essential
agile|188	You are going through a retrospective with your team at the end of the sprint where the team have raised an issue that is slowing down their work. The scrum master guides the team to go through an exercise called the five whys. What is the   || CORRECT: To ask why the issue happened and then why for each reason after that until the cause is found
agile|189	The scrum master in an agile team has asked the team to do a self-assessment. What is the focus of this self-assessment?  || CORRECT: How the team performs and delivers together
agile|190	You're working in an agile team and the business representative would like to get an idea of the risk associated with a particular feature. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Hold a premortem where each team member writes reasons they think the task or feature might fail so these can be discuss
agile|191	You're the agile team leader and are working through a team retrospective when an issue experienced by the team is raised. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Perform fishbone analysis
agile|192	You've been hired to lead a new project team as an agile project manager. You come on board to learn that the organization uses a hybrid model. What does this mean?  || CORRECT: A combination of predictive (for example a project plan planned in advance) and adaptive (for example iterations, backlo
agile|193	You're the product owner in an agile team working with the developers to create story cards to place in the product backlog. With the three C's of user story creation, what do you do first?  || CORRECT: Create the card, which is the physical or software driven media describing a user story
agile|194	You're working on the product backlog with your agile project team and creating user stories to be prioritized. Which of the below is the best answer for what should go into a user story card?  || CORRECT: The requirement, its criticality, expected development and test duration, and the acceptance criteria for that story
agile|195	You're an agile project manager and have begun creating user stories with your agile project team to go into the product backlog. You have created the card and added requirements, criticality and acceptance criteria. What are you going to d  || CORRECT: Have a conversation with the developers about how the software will be used and confirm the acceptance criteria and the 
waterfall|1	You're working on a project to build a new parkland for the community. The person in charge of parkland design approaches you as they are not sure what they are supposed to be working on. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Review the WBS dictionary to see the detailed description of the scope, the work, and who it is assigned to.
waterfall|2	You have taken over as a project manager for a project that has had issues delivering on time. You review the earned value management and find the schedule performance index (SPI) is 0.86 and the cost performance index (CPI) is 1.12. You ad  || CORRECT: Apply schedule crashing to bring the project back on track.
waterfall|3	You're working on a change that includes stakeholders at all levels from the front-line workers to the senior executives. After performing stakeholder analysis, you and your team group the stakeholders according to their level of influence   || CORRECT: Keep them informed (low influence, high impact).
waterfall|4	You are working directly with the project sponsor in the initial phase of a brand new project. The project sponsor asks for your help in creating a document that formally authorizes the project, including details such as the cost-benefit an  || CORRECT: Create a project charter.
waterfall|5	You are working as a project manager and your team is about to deliver the completed system to the customer. During the final round of testing, the customer points out that a major piece of functionality is missing which should have been in  || CORRECT: Utilize the project's management reserves.
waterfall|6	You and your team have completed the work on the project and the customer has confirmed the formal acceptance of the product delivered. You set a meeting with your team to document the lessons learned, and release and reassign the personnel  || CORRECT: Archive all of the project information for future use by the organization.
waterfall|7	You're working as a project manager for a medium-sized software project. The project sponsor believes that the team have not completed enough work in the last two weeks and comes to talk to you about it. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Review the team burn down chart to see the flow of work versus what was committed.
waterfall|8	You're working on a project that involves the renovation and removal of an old industrial plant. When investigating the area with your team to capture the project scope, you notice there are old chemicals left behind which hurt your lungs w  || CORRECT: Transfer the risk by hiring an external company to remove the chemicals.
waterfall|9	During user acceptance testing, a senior user points out a major change needed to the project scope for it to be successful. You realize you may not have enough money or resources to complete your project, but you will need approval to incr  || CORRECT: Review the change management plan for the correct change control process, including approvers on the Change Control Boar
waterfall|10	A new executive has started in the functional area that you are delivering to. They are concerned that the project is not delivering what they need and they put pressure on you to deliver more than what was originally agreed. You agree to m  || CORRECT: Gather the project scope statement, work breakdown structure, and WBS dictionary.
waterfall|11	You are working on a project where you discover a certain negative risk with a potential impact of two million dollars. You meet with your project stakeholders who determine that this is within their risk appetite provided that you meet a r  || CORRECT: Note the acceptable risk level as a threat of 1.8 million to 2.2 million, which is a 10% variance.
waterfall|12	A risk has been raised in your project around insufficient building materials. One risk response assigned to the functional manager suggests to use a brand new material which has not been fully tested before in a building project. Half of y  || CORRECT: Suggest a different risk response, as they should be timely, cost-effective, realistic, and agreed to by relevant stakeh
waterfall|13	Your project is starting to go off track due to a large amount of uncertainty in the requirements and resources. At a significant cost you manage to rein in these issues. However, your project management office would like you to brainstorm   || CORRECT: Ask your team to use short feedback loops, continuous improvement, and transparent planning.
waterfall|14	As your project progresses, many of the business stakeholders are starting to voice their concerns, question some of the changes, and even miss key meetings while trying to sabotage your efforts. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Communicate the vision and benefits for the change clearly, along with the impact to their work.
waterfall|15	You are analyzing your stakeholders through an impact over influence chart and have found more than 100 different groups of people and over 3,000 impacted stakeholders. Other parts of your project are starting to fall behind as you try to k  || CORRECT: Clearly prioritize the stakeholders and engage and communicate with the highly impacted and influential groups early and
waterfall|16	You are managing a project which communicates to the customer using mostly pull communication. When monitoring the engagement of your stakeholders, you notice a trend that they are not clear on the impacts or benefits of the project. You de  || CORRECT: Send a weekly email to stakeholders with a project update including the impacts and benefits.
waterfall|17	You have taken over on a project with a vendor where scope and requirements have been missed. You notice that miscommunication and mixed messages are common. You set a meeting with your team and the vendor's team. The meeting is extremely i  || CORRECT: Confirm they hear your message, determine if they agree, and identify any nuanced or unintended messages that they may h
waterfall|18	Your stakeholders seem to be engaged, however there are frequent changes to scope and requirements causing delays. Issues are often raised and result in multiple rounds of feedback. You are not sure who or what could be the cause. What will  || CORRECT: Review the issue log, the risk register, and the change log for the most frequent requesters, then update your stakehold
waterfall|19	You have been working on a project where the manager leads in a dictatorship style. Over time, the team have stopped making suggestions, sick days and mental health days have become more frequent, and the pace of work has slowed. The manage  || CORRECT: Focus on obstacle removal, encouragement, and development opportunities.
waterfall|20	You have been allocated to a new project team with members from different parts of the functional business area. It soon becomes clear that very few of them have worked on a project before. There is a lot of miscommunication and rework occu  || CORRECT: Help the team set their vision and objectives, roles and responsibilities, and team operations, usually done through a t
waterfall|21	You are nearing the end of a difficult project where the vendor providing the system to your company has taken longer than anticipated. The deliverables have been quality tested, validated and verified with the project sponsor and validated  || CORRECT: Review the procurement agreement and accepted deliverables
waterfall|22	You're managing a team through a difficult project which has been made more difficult by many team members being new and inexperienced and not having the right capability to get the work done. You're getting pressure from your steering comm  || CORRECT: Use co-location, a shared knowledge portal, training, and team assessments