pmbok7|44	You're working in a project team that has recently moved to an agile way of work. Your business analysts want to gather the requirements, match solutions to the scope, and do a work breakdown structure for the whole deliverable. Your produc  || CORRECT: Ask your team to time box work on the highest priority items in the backlog, update the estimates, and then reprioritize
pmbok7|45	When reviewing the current progress of your project with your project sponsor, they notice that the system solution is missing a critical piece that will impact the benefit of the project. The project sponsor approves the scope. Your projec  || CORRECT: Work with the PMO to unlock the project management reserves for the extra work
pmbok7|46	You're in the planning stages of an agile project where the functional manager and senior users have provided the high-level requirements and scope. You have been asked to put together a project team that will be able to deliver quickly. Wh  || CORRECT: Select a small team that can work in the same area so they can solve problems as they arise
pmbok7|47	You're putting together a project team to deliver an accounting system to offices around the country. The accounting system you're moving to has not been used by anyone in your organization before. The project is quite high risk and the del  || CORRECT: Use a predictive project approach and source part of your team externally
pmbok7|48	You're putting together a project plan for a change that affects nearly 10,000 stakeholders in your organization. You have identified the affected stakeholders, analyzed and prioritized them, and are putting together a communication plan to  || CORRECT: How can they make changes to the communication plan
pmbok7|49	You put together a resource plan for a large amount of physical inventory to be purchased from overseas. You ordered the inventory during project execution; however, global supply chains were impacted and the shipment was delayed by 3 month  || CORRECT: Planned strategically about the timing from order to delivery to usage, managing resource risks and their responses
pmbok7|50	You are halfway through your agile project when there is a significant change to the project scope after it was found that the project would not be able to deliver the benefits that it had promised. You check your project budget and there a  || CORRECT: Reprioritize the backlog including the new scope and begin work on the highest priority item
pmbok7|51	You have recently taken over on a project that is behind schedule and slightly over budget. You raise an issue at the steering committee meeting where they advise that there is no additional funding available for the project and the project  || CORRECT: Use lean production methods to reduce non-value-added activities and retrospectives for the team to suggest improvements
pmbok7|52	Your project management office is optimizing all the projects within their portfolio. They ask for your advice in tracking the type of work each team member is doing and how long it takes, suggesting that they categorize and record their wo  || CORRECT: Recommend an automated reporting tool where possible as categorizing their work is non-value-added
pmbok7|53	You are working on an agile project as a Scrum Master where the functional manager has worked with some people in your development team before. She approaches them directly to see if they can add a feature to the product in their current Sp  || CORRECT: Ask the manager to speak with the product owner for the product priorities, then protect the team from direct requests i
pmbok7|54	Part of the project management plan is a detailed communications plan which has the stakeholders on the project, their communication needs, and how information will be communicated. While this is being signed off by the project sponsor, you  || CORRECT: Review the communications management plan to include the stakeholders with the information that they need and their comm
pmbok7|55	You are working on a high-value construction project to include smart home components within multi-million dollar buildings. After completing a make or buy analysis, you find that it will cost $700,000 to make a new system or $500,000 to bu  || CORRECT: Work with contracting professionals in your organization to develop an RFP, statement of work, and terms and conditions
pmbok7|56	A missing item has been uncovered in the project scope that your project team cannot deliver. The item is not complex and seems to be fairly readily available from various sources. You are ready to move to source selection and choose a vend  || CORRECT: Prepare a request for information to gather more information and viable sources from the market
pmbok7|57	You are working on a project where part of the work is planned carefully up front and another part is subject to change. You negotiate terms and conditions including cost, delivery, and payment dates. The vendor is concerned about confusion  || CORRECT: Use a master agreement for the overall contract with the adaptive work placed in an appendix
pmbok7|58	You are working in an agile project where there are vastly differing levels of product knowledge within your team. The Scrum Master suggests that you try to gain knowledge by osmosis because the project information may be lost when only com  || CORRECT: Collocate the team to capture the benefit of each person's tacit knowledge
pmbok7|59	You are working as a product owner and have placed high-level information about the product in the product backlog with the highest priority feature at the top. Senior users informing the project are unable to clearly articulate their requi  || CORRECT: Work with the customer to create mockups and prototypes to discover what works for them
pmbok7|60	You are gathering requirements for a new feature in a customer management system. The product owner has given a user interface feature as the next highest priority and you are collocated with the team receiving the benefits. What will you d  || CORRECT: Elicit requirements into user stories using acceptance criteria that are clear, verifiable, and traceable
pmbok7|61	You are working in an agile team who are trying to break down the project requirements and the scope. They have created a scope statement and a work breakdown structure, but you are not sure how it will work now that they are using Sprints   || CORRECT: Group the work by large themes of customer value shown as epics, then break them down into smaller user stories to compl
pmbok7|62	Your project team are trialing an agile way of working. The product owner has a clear vision for the product. There is confusion in the team as to how much work should be done on a user story before it is taken to the Sprint review and how   || CORRECT: Refer to the user story acceptance criteria and your team's definition of done.
pmbok7|63	You have been working closely with the quality manager of your project planning the budget for the project phase that is due to begin in the next two months. They mention the need to budget for appraisal costs to avoid quality issues in the  || CORRECT: Ensure there is enough for a quality tester to verify the deliverables against the agreed specifications.
pmbok7|64	Your agile project has recently had multiple quality issues. Project features have been prioritized by the product owner and broken down into user stories. What will you do to help reduce the cost of quality issues the most?  || CORRECT: Ensure a triad of developer, tester, and customer is involved during the requirements and design.
pmbok7|65	You are working in an agile team where executives in the organisation you are delivering to are asking for a large display of reports to be created every two weeks showing how the project is tracking and updating them on the cost and benefi  || CORRECT: Suggest a demonstration of the features developed during each Sprint instead, and a burndown chart of future product rel
pmbok7|66	Multiple features have been released but they are not having the effect that the product owner believes they should. Your team are using some key performance indicators (KPIs) to track performance and you agree to move to more leading indic  || CORRECT: Stakeholders who are not engaged and a lack of a risk management process.
pmbok7|67	You are working in an agile project team that has increased in size and complexity since the project began. In reviewing the throughput of work with your team you notice fewer and fewer user stories being completed, and the road map of feat  || CORRECT: Place a limit on the work in progress and work with the team to reduce the cycle time.
pmbok7|68	You are working on an agile project where the project customer wants a reliable way to measure the project performance and you first need a baseline. What measures will you show to your customer as part of your agile project?  || CORRECT: The rate of features completed.
pmbok7|69	The product owner has worked with a team of senior users to gather feature ideas. They now have a list of more than 50 ideas for your team to develop, which is far too many to complete in the time frame that you have. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Ask the product owner to prioritize the features using cost to benefit and then deliver in their priority order until th
pmbok7|70	Your agile project team has only recently formed. The product is still unclear and there have been disagreements and minor conflicts over the past two weeks as the team find their rhythm. You would like things to improve but you cannot quit  || CORRECT: Have the team complete a net promoter score with comments and ask for improvement ideas at the next retrospective.
pmbok7|71	The project has faced serious impacts in getting materials with supply chains being disrupted and a global pandemic, and is currently 3 weeks behind schedule. You take this information to the next project steering committee meeting where th  || CORRECT: Use the project's estimate at completion (EAC) to show the steering committee the most likely final cost.
pmbok7|72	You're working on an agile project where the project sponsor and executive managers require lengthy reports about the project work each week. This takes you and the project team a considerable amount of time to do and reduces time spent on   || CORRECT: Suggest the leaders come to the Sprint review and gather any information they need from the information radiator.
pmbok7|73	You're working on a project that has planned as much as they can up front and you would like them to move to a more agile way of working. Currently the work is hidden, the team catches up only once a week in a working group, and it's hard t  || CORRECT: Ask the team to move their work to a central visible task board like a kanban board and then have a short meeting each d
pmbok7|74	You're working on a hybrid project where the majority of the work has been planned up front. The team manages their work via a kanban board and reports on progress and blockers each day. As the project evolves, stakeholders have added more   || CORRECT: Limit the number of cards in ready or to-do and ask the product owner to work with stakeholder requests, noting the need
pmbok7|75	You're working as a product owner in an agile team where the main measure of project success is the number of features delivered into production. Over the past 6 months, the team has delivered the highest number of features your organizatio  || CORRECT: Adjust the product metrics to include customer satisfaction and quality measures.
pmbok7|76	You've been working on a project for the past 8 months. Your project team has been approached by multiple stakeholders for reporting on various performance measures about the project and the product area. A large amount of their time is now  || CORRECT: Work with the team including the stakeholders to only measure things that will facilitate a decision, help avoid an issu
pmbok7|77	You're working on a project where there is a significant amount of uncertainty about the requirements. There is also a legislative change coming and no one knows what it will mean for your industry. As a project manager, how do you deal wit  || CORRECT: Gather information and prepare for multiple outcomes, and build team resilience through processes and training.
pmbok7|78	You're working on a project with a vendor where there is significant ambiguity involved and multiple options that the team could go with. Many outcomes are possible that have varying degrees of impact. To improve the situation, what will yo  || CORRECT: Use experiments and prototypes and progressive elaboration to work your way through it.
pmbok7|79	You're working on a project to improve some software that has been in production for over 17 years and has been modified extensively over that time. It also integrates with many other systems within your organization. You cannot decide whic  || CORRECT: Simulate decoupling connecting parts to simplify the number of variables.
pmbok7|80	You're working on a project that requires a very particular programming skill set that is not very common. It's also the hottest job market the industry has seen in two decades, so people are hard to come by and they leave often. The progra  || CORRECT: Use alternatives analysis to gather different options and ensure a sufficient cost reserve to help complete your project
pmbok7|81	Your project team have found a significant data vulnerability in one of the features planned in your product backlog where customer data is exposed without password access. This feature is partially made by a third party vendor and the rela  || CORRECT: Escalate the risk to the manager with the appropriate authority to act on the response.
pmbok7|82	You brainstorm risk responses with your project team and project sponsor and decide you cannot transfer a certain high impact risk. You also can't avoid the risk and there is no one in the organization to escalate it to. Your project sponso  || CORRECT: Develop a contingency plan that would be triggered if the event occurred.
pmbok7|83	You're working on a project to build a new customer database system for an engineering team. In working with the requirements you realize that this system can also work with other teams in your organization and the effort to add those teams  || CORRECT: Exploit the opportunity to actively make sure that it happens.
pmbok7|84	You're working as a product owner in an agile team and during a recent risk review the team have uncovered various risks that will impact your project. You brainstorm risk responses with your team. The project customer would like them to be  || CORRECT: Prioritize the risks by comparing the expected monetary value of the risk to the anticipated return on investment.
pmbok7|85	You're planning a project where supply chains have been impacted and the requirements are complex and intertwined with other areas of the business. Your project sponsor asks you to manage these risks before the project moves to execution. W  || CORRECT: Note the risks with appropriate controls and add a contingency reserve in the project budget.
pmbok7|86	You're working on an agile project and delivering a usable feature every few weeks. The project sponsor is from a waterfall background and is concerned that there is not enough focus on risk. They would like to hold a regular risk review wi  || CORRECT: Use daily standups to report blockers early and fortnightly demonstrations of the product to catch any stakeholder dissa
pmbok7|87	Your project management office has no prescribed way of work so they're working with a vendor who supplies an extreme programming framework at a significant cost. Projects are still running behind schedule, over budget, and with low custome  || CORRECT: Tailor the approach to suit the organization operating environment and project needs.
pmbok7|88	Your project management office is in the middle of a company-wide ways of working transformation. They have taken a popular project framework and are tailoring it to the organization with branded templates and processes that meet their exis  || CORRECT: Enable a process for tailoring based on size and complexity and implement ongoing improvement.
pmbok7|89	You're a manager of a PMO in a large organization which has recently undertaken a company-wide way of working transformation. You need to select an initial development approach for your project which you will then tailor further to suit the  || CORRECT: Use a suitability filter to assess the most appropriate development approach.
pmbok7|90	Your organization is starting to move to an agile way of work and they're setting up a value delivery office (VDO) to complement the existing PMO. The executives in the area have begun working through what the function looks like and the ro  || CORRECT: The VDO focuses on coaching project teams, building adaptive skills, growing capabilities, and mentoring sponsors and pr
pmbok7|91	You've been planning a project for the last 2 months, gathering requirements in scope and assigning tasks to a schedule. As you get closer to the execution phase of your project, you decide what delivery approach you will use. The requireme  || CORRECT: Use an iterative delivery approach, gathering feedback and improving over time while delivering in one release
pmbok7|92	You have been asked to make a process improvement in the accounting area for your organization. You have been assigned a small team of nine people, each with all the skills you need to complete the project. The team is collocated and has un  || CORRECT: Use an agile or adaptive delivery approach as the team is small, collocated, cross-functional and has close access to th
pmbok7|93	You have been working as a project manager in an organization for some time where an agile-centric delivery approach and way of work has been selected and tailored for the organization. Over the past few months you notice several things are  || CORRECT: Suggest a retrospective with your PMO leaders to determine ongoing improvement opportunities, discussing what worked wel
pmbok7|94	You have been working on a project to deliver a new customer data system and have noticed that the work is starting to slow down — fewer user stories are appearing in your Sprint backlog as they are not ready. You hold a retrospective with   || CORRECT: Streamline approval decisions through fewer people such as a product owner authorized to make decisions up to certain va
pmbok7|95	You have been assigned to take over an existing project as the previous project manager leaves for another opportunity. In working with your team you notice there is a large amount of work currently in progress all at once, with team member  || CORRECT: Use value stream mapping and Kanban boards to visualize the work and brainstorm solutions with your team
pmbok7|96	The product owner has prioritized the product backlog of features and the team creates user stories with estimates and places enough of them to fill a 2-week Sprint. You notice that the pieces being completed are being rejected by the custo  || CORRECT: Add more feedback loops such as shoulder checks, peer review, unit testing and system testing
pmbok7|97	Your project team has started to find their rhythm, yet you notice that they seem disengaged in their work and are dragging their feet on normal tasks. You check your project budget and note that the team are all paid fairly for the market   || CORRECT: Establish ways for the team to grow and advance
pmbok7|98	You are working as a project manager on a regulatory change for your organization. You notice that the team are not communicating as well as they could be, and you put together a plan to improve team communication by increasing its effectiv  || CORRECT: Include methods that will handle multiple information cues such as body language, voice, and words, facilitate rapid fee
pmbok7|99	Your deliverables have been signed off by the product owner and they are ready to be released to the customer, which is the financial analytics team of your organization. The new system will be quite a change from their normal day-to-day wo  || CORRECT: Use training and education to show them the new processes and systems
pmbok7|100	You are leading a large organizational change that affects more than a thousand people across multiple teams. You have engaged with the senior managers of that area, created a brief vision statement that summarizes the change, created a str  || CORRECT: Address any obstacles to the change including outdated processes and people resistance
pmbok7|101	You are assessing the risk of future releases with your team. You have a clear set of requirements from your customer, however there are a range of possible correct solutions. There are a range of known unknowns. How are you going to approa  || CORRECT: Assess the facts, analyze the situation, and apply known good practices.
pmbok7|102	You've been asked to initiate a project to deliver a new system. The requirements are not clear and it will take some time to uncover them. The system has been used by some team members but not all, and it has a medium level of uncertainty   || CORRECT: Release small usable features and improve your approach based on feedback.
pmbok7|103	Your project team came together from different parts of the organization and were introduced formally to each other. You notice that there is some conflict in the team — some people don't respect others' decisions and are not working togeth  || CORRECT: Help the team understand their roles and responsibilities and form a regular rhythm of meetings, collaboration, and work
pmbok7|104	You have formed a new project team and have worked through the purpose and mission of the project with them. You expanded on who is on the project team and the skills and abilities each person brings. You would like to foster a high-perform  || CORRECT: Clarify the goals of the team and what you are here to deliver.
pmbok7|105	Your team members have raised an issue as they believe the current project scope will not reach the intended project goal of increasing customer retention. You take their concerns to the project sponsor who controls the funding and resource  || CORRECT: Accommodate the sponsor to maintain harmony and goodwill.
pmbok7|106	The functional manager raises a concern that they have not been engaged correctly and the program is missing some key requirements as a result. You believe you've captured all the items required. Your program manager asks you to handle the   || CORRECT: Demonstrate integrity, find mutual trust, and look at the situation from their point of view.
pmbok7|107	You have been planning a project to deliver a process change for the past four weeks. The requirements and scope have been signed off by the business owner and the team are moving into delivery and execution. The work begins in line with th  || CORRECT: Monitor and control the project work.
pmbok7|108	You are working as a product owner. While your sales and revenue have been increasing over the past eight months, the overall profit has decreased by 17%. Your executive manager asks you to address the situation. What are you going to do ne  || CORRECT: Perform benchmarking with a similar yet non-competitive company and add any process improvements to your product backlog
pmbok7|109	You have been given authority to manage the upcoming features your team will release. You do not have a high enough level of expertise in the product, so you gather senior users from the product's area to create a features list. Each stakeh  || CORRECT: Use a cost-benefit analysis and compare the time needed to recover the project cost.
pmbok7|110	You're creating a business case and a project charter with a small initial project team. You have a high-level feature decomposed into smaller release milestones and you'd like to note a high-level schedule using wideband Delphi or a high-l  || CORRECT: Ask subject matter experts to complete multiple rounds of estimates individually, compare and explain the highest and lo
pmbok7|111	You have been asked to help facilitate a senior planning meeting in your organization. High-level executives have made a presentation on the strengths and opportunities of the organization, painting a rosy picture. Revenue has fallen recent  || CORRECT: Brainstorm and capture the weaknesses of the organization and threats to the organization
pmbok7|112	You are adding an essential feature to your product road map. Your team believes they can complete the feature in 6 weeks. However, the feature is quite large and a bit more complicated than normal. One of your lead developers says they wor  || CORRECT: Use analogous estimating
pmbok7|113	You have a prioritized backlog of features. You have decomposed the next feature to be delivered into user stories to complete a Sprint of two weeks. The team would like to estimate the effort involved on those user stories but are unsure o  || CORRECT: Help the team perform relative estimating
pmbok7|114	You are halfway through your current Sprint of 2 weeks. The work is progressing well, however you notice that there is not enough work ready and elaborated for when the next Sprint begins. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Hold a backlog refinement meeting and work with the team to identify the work that could be accomplished
pmbok7|115	You have completed a make or buy analysis in your project and found that part of your deliverable is best created by an external vendor. You work with your project team to create the procurement strategy, source selection criteria, and stat  || CORRECT: Meet with prospective sellers to ensure all vendors have a common understanding of the procurement
pmbok7|116	One of the stakeholders in your project has raised a change request after some of the deliverables contained defects and a missed requirement. Your project has a formal change control process as opposed to a more agile prioritized product b  || CORRECT: Take it to the Change Control Board, then communicate the decision to approve or reject the change
pmbok7|117	Your agile project has recently gained some new stakeholders after a department restructure. They complain to you that they are not seeing enough traction of work delivered through the project and they are worried that it will not meet thei  || CORRECT: Invite them to the iteration review so they can see the usable increment that the team delivers
pmbok7|118	You have recently taken over a project. Your project team approached you to say that there is a regulatory approval that has not been granted yet and it might block development of your project in the next 5 months. You check your project do  || CORRECT: Hold a risk review meeting, capture it as a risk, and ensure an adequate risk response
pmbok7|119	You are an agile project manager holding daily standups with your team. You notice people accusing other team members of not doing their job and there are some tasks that are not mentioned anywhere and no one is responsible for. The team ve  || CORRECT: Raise it as an issue in the next retrospective and come to a solution with the team
pmbok7|120	You are managing a large construction project. Due to some delays, the project schedule has been pushed back by one week. As a result, one of the project risks has increased slightly but is still within the acceptable limits. What will you   || CORRECT: Capture the change in your project reporting and take it to the next status meeting
pmbok7|121	You are an agile project manager and your team have delivered three features to improve a customer app over the last 3 months. Your product owner needs to know if the features are having the desired effect. It is a large organization and th  || CORRECT: Ask them to gather the NPS (net promoter score) over the past 6 months.
pmbok7|122	You are a project manager in an agile team developing new features for an app. An executive stakeholder with high influence in the organization approaches you and asks you to add a feature that they like. They asked their friends and their   || CORRECT: Place the feature in the product backlog and prioritize it using cost versus benefit.
pmbok7|123	Your project team are gathering solution ideas for a particular customer requirement which is prioritized to be worked on next. The item is complicated and they have been trying to find a way forward for the past 3 weeks. There is not enoug  || CORRECT: Arrange the right people to elaborate the issue with a spike, close in person, place and time, and time-box it to two da
pmbok7|124	Your project team have planned the requirements, scope, schedule, and cost for constructing a new building in your organization. An executive from another area approaches you as your project is funded and about to begin execution, and asks   || CORRECT: Offer to help them create a business case for the new idea and get funding for a new project.