agile|56	Dynamic systems delivery method (DSDM) is one of the founding methods with an input into agile, designed to add more rigor to the rising iterative methods of the 1990s. It is most known for its emphasis on constraint driven delivery, which   || CORRECT: Constraint driven delivery, which ensures that scope is variable while cost, quality and time are set
agile|57	Agile projects have short iterations enabling the project team to receive early and continuous feedback on product quality throughout the development cycle. By getting frequent customer feedback as the project progresses, agile teams can in  || CORRECT: Having one big release at the end of the project that everyone can celebrate
agile|58	Enterprise scrum is a framework designed to apply the scrum method at an organizational level, not just within a single product development effort. What is NOT a part of leadership within enterprise scrum?  || CORRECT: Role playing the role of scrum master before the first iteration
agile|59	You are an agile project manager tasked with evolving your part of the organization into agile. What is NOT something that you would do when making this change?  || CORRECT: Direct the teams to take on agile in one go, moving ahead without wavering
agile|60	Extreme programming (XP) is a software development method based on frequent cycles. It is known for popularizing a holistic set of 12 primary practices. Which of the following does XP outline as a requirement?  || CORRECT: To sit together in the whole team approach in an informative workplace
agile|61	You are an agile project manager working with the project sponsor in the beginning stages of an agile project. The project sponsor mentions that they would like your help creating the project charter. You tell them that you will also do a t  || CORRECT: You'll capture the team values, communication guidelines, and decision making process separately to the project purpose,
agile|62	You're working with the team on the team charter and you've outlined the project vision, mission, and agreed meeting times and accepted team behaviour. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Agree on and include the definition of done for team features and tasks.
agile|63	You are working on an agile project gathering requirements from the business stakeholders with the product owner. During the discussion, different people seem to have different understandings of what the feature will look like. What will yo  || CORRECT: Draw a storyboard prototype of the requirement so all stakeholders can see it, adjust it on the fly, and agree.
agile|64	You're working as a project manager with an agile project team. The project sponsor sits on another floor and prefers to communicate by email only. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Ask the project sponsor to co-locate with the agile team for a few days a week to ensure face-to-face communication and 
agile|65	As an agile project manager you understand the need to operate with openness and transparency with your team and with your stakeholders. How will you encourage knowledge sharing throughout the project?  || CORRECT: Make key information visible in the team area and ensure all impacted stakeholders are invited to the daily stand-ups, r
agile|66	You've been working in an agile team for some time and an executive from the business area asks how the team has been able to deliver so consistently over the past year. You tell him you're using extreme programming (XP). What are some of t  || CORRECT: Real customer involvement, team continuity, and a sustainable pace.
agile|67	You're working with a seasoned agile team who are very familiar with extreme programming in their way of work. They walk through a set of principles that they frequently use. What is NOT one of the primary practices of XP?  || CORRECT: First in best rest.
agile|68	You are testing the product being delivered by an agile team in increments. You notice that there have been no defects passed on to the end user. You also notice that you're working with an extreme programming methodology for the team. What  || CORRECT: Regular refactoring and daily deployment of an integrated code base.
agile|69	You are an agile project manager working with an agile coach and planning the next sprint with the team. The agile coach advises you to build in some slack for the sprint. What does this mean?  || CORRECT: Adding a card for refactoring code that can be replaced if an emergency comes up.
agile|70	The team are planning their first upcoming sprint on an agile project. They have worked with a product owner who has gathered a backlog of features in prioritized order. As an agile project manager, what must you do to ensure you can plan f  || CORRECT: Find your team's velocity over the next few sprints so you can set a sustainable pace.
agile|71	You are an agile project manager and your organization is moving away from a waterfall to an agile way of work. After reading the agile manifesto, the functional manager you are working with mentions 'individuals and interactions over proce  || CORRECT: Create ceremonies such as the daily stand up, iteration planning, demos and reviews, and retrospectives that encourage t
agile|72	You are an experienced functional manager who has been asked to lead an agile project team. Your executive manager is calling it the project coach or scrum master role. You know that agile leadership might be different to what you are used   || CORRECT: Servant leadership
agile|73	You are working as an agile project manager in a new project team. Many project team members are despondent and do not show up for the meetings and ceremonies that you have set. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Have a coaching session with the team, teaching the what and the why behind agile ceremonies, and ensure each meeting ha
agile|74	You are an experienced project manager who is used to a directive leadership style where people do exactly as you say. Now you are working in an agile team where that style of leadership is not accepted. What is one thing you can change to   || CORRECT: Ensure that stakeholders collectively agree on and share decisions
agile|75	You are working on the requirements for the next iteration and a decision needs to be made by the team. The product owner suggests using a show of hands to indicate team members who are for or against the decision. As the agile project mana  || CORRECT: By making the decisions visible, team members may be influenced by others in the team, especially executives, without th
agile|76	An agile team in your organization would like to add a few key agile processes to their way of work. The project manager mentions performing root cause analysis when problems appear on features, focusing on features that bring in the most r  || CORRECT: Extreme programming
agile|77	An agile team in your organization would like to include feature driven development practices into their way of work. You tell them that feature driven development activities are supported by a core set of software engineering best practice  || CORRECT: Developing by feature, feature teams and visibility of progress and results
agile|78	Your agile team has been working with feature driven development as a model for their agile way of work for some time and are ready to add more feature driven development practices to the things that they do. What can you do next as a team?  || CORRECT: Incorporate configuration management and individual class ownership
agile|79	An executive in your organization approaches you about working in an agile team. They have heard about feature driven development and would like to try it as a test and learn in your team. What do they mean by this?  || CORRECT: Your team will trial developing an overall model, then planning, designing and building by those features
agile|80	For kanban, or flow-based agile, iterations follow the number of story cards in the work in progress (WIP) limit shown on the visual kanban board. The team pulls cards from the backlog column based on their capacity. These story cards provi  || CORRECT: Primary measure of progress
agile|81	You have just come on board an agile team and a decision needs to be made about product requirements. The scrum master asks the team to show either thumbs up, thumbs down, or sideways. What does a thumb sideways mean?  || CORRECT: The team member has a concern or conflict that needs further discussion
agile|82	You're at the beginning of a new iteration and about to plan and decide what gets worked on in the upcoming sprint. You decide to invite all project stakeholders to the planning meeting to decide what to work on next. Why is it important th  || CORRECT: Project stakeholders don't reject a decision that wasn't theirs
agile|83	You're on an agile team and notice that it is different to other project areas you have worked on. The project manager tells you there are certain ways to ensure that stakeholders stay engaged. What is he talking about?  || CORRECT: Ensuring visibility, transparency and progress of the work through charts and information in the common team area
agile|84	You've been identified as a stakeholder on an agile software development team. As you join the stand-up you're surprised that there are only eight people on the team and no more, even though the deliverable is quite large. Why is the team s  || CORRECT: Agile methods recommend the delivery team to be 12 or fewer members
agile|85	As the lead on an agile project you have carefully cultivated a team of T-shaped people. What is a T-shaped person?  || CORRECT: A person with a wide range of general skills and one deep skill or knowledge area
agile|86	In 2001 a group of individuals representing the most widely used lightweight software development methodologies agreed on a common set of values and principles which became known as the Agile Manifesto. In that manifesto they valued what?  || CORRECT: Individuals and interactions over processes and tools
agile|87	You're planning the next iteration for your agile team as the agile lead. The team is going to select user stories from the prioritized release backlog, elaborate those user stories, and estimate the work needed for each user story. The num  || CORRECT: The team's velocity, which is the rate at which a team can complete work
agile|88	Your team is standing around a board with cards on it. Each person is answering these questions in a round-robin fashion: What did I complete since last time? What am I planning to complete between now and next time? Is anything blocking me  || CORRECT: The daily stand-up
agile|89	There are multiple project life cycles you can choose from depending on the type of project environment, deliverable, and stakeholders. You're working on a project that requires features of an overall product to be delivered on a regular ba  || CORRECT: Incremental
agile|90	You're working as an agile project manager in a new team that's not familiar with agile. The executives are not as comfortable using agile in full just yet. You suggest using a hybrid approach to begin with to help the organization meet the  || CORRECT: A tailored combination of predictive, iterative, incremental, and agile approaches
agile|91	The agile team leader works through servant leadership to the team and has built a safe environment for disagreement. How has this empowered the team to move forward without obstacles?  || CORRECT: The team is encouraged to participate in discussion and even disagreement
agile|92	New projects go through the Tuckman model of forming, storming, norming and performing. You've just taken the lead of this new project with a newly formed team and you're surprised to find little conflict and that the forming stage has gone  || CORRECT: The team members have worked together on previous projects and are following the same agile ceremonies and methods
agile|93	You're a project manager of a new agile project. You ask questions of your team to elicit their needs and help them problem solve issues as they arise. What role are you fulfilling in an agile team?  || CORRECT: Project coach
agile|94	You're an agile project manager leading a new software project. During the last retrospective there was very little engagement and feedback and the team seems to be losing interest in their work. What will you do to improve the situation?  || CORRECT: Align the project goals to each team member's personal goals
agile|95	You're working as a project manager in a team that is moving to an agile way of work. You've previously engaged the team in a single weekly meeting, a working group meeting, with email as the primary communication. What changes will you mak  || CORRECT: Co-locate the team where possible and focus on frequent face-to-face communication
agile|96	Kanban translates to 'visual sign' or 'card' in Japanese and is a form of visual management taken from lean manufacturing. Which of the following best describes the primary focus of kanban in an agile team?  || CORRECT: Monitoring work in progress and enabling pull and flow
agile|97	You're working with an agile team who use kanban to manage the flow of work through the team. The scrum master or agile lead mentions the concept of 'pull' which helps the team manage the work. What does this mean?  || CORRECT: The team pulls work only when they are ready instead of the work in progress constantly building up
agile|98	You're walking through the next feature with the product owner in an agile team. He is new to agile and unsure of what kanban really is. He lists a few things for you to check. Which of the below is NOT one of the core properties of kanban?  || CORRECT: Follow procedures and don't deviate from the plan
agile|99	You're working on an agile project as an agile project manager and have been using kanban to monitor the work and keep it visible for all to see. What is NOT a defining principle of kanban?  || CORRECT: Directive leadership over wasteful team participation
agile|100	In 2001 a group of individuals representing the most widely used lightweight software development methodologies agreed on a common set of practices, values and principles which became known as the Agile Manifesto. Which of the following is   || CORRECT: Working software over comprehensive documentation
agile|101	You've joined a new project team. You're moving to an agile way of work and part of this is co-locating the team to gain the benefit of osmotic communication. Your project sponsor asks what this means. What do you tell them?  || CORRECT: The team will overhear conversations and information in the common area that will help them solve future problems
agile|102	You're working in an agile team and you are not co-located. They are in various locations around the country. As the agile lead, how will you get the benefit of agile without a co-located team?  || CORRECT: Utilize group messaging, daily teleconference stand-ups, electronic kanban and backlogs
agile|103	You're leading an agile team that has team members in various locations. You've arranged daily stand-ups via phone with electronic kanban and backlogs, but the team is not able to meet face-to-face. What else will you do to help the team in  || CORRECT: Pair up team members to work on tasks and rotate those pairs for each feature
agile|104	You're showing up the project sponsor around the team area for your agile project and you see the burn down chart next to the team kanban board. The project sponsor asks what the chart tells you. What will you say?  || CORRECT: It shows the remaining tasks versus what was planned for the iteration
agile|105	You're working through the feature backlog with the functional manager of the organization who is also the product owner for your agile team. They ask about the velocity chart hanging in the team area. What do you tell them?  || CORRECT: The number of points, tasks or features completed by the team in each iteration
agile|106	In 2001, a group of individuals representing the most widely used lightweight software development methodologies agreed on a common set of values and principles which became known as the agile manifesto. Which of the following is one of the  || CORRECT: Customer collaboration over contract negotiation
agile|107	You're working with your project team in a way that ensures you analyze the requirements, then design, build, and test for those requirements, repeating them until the product is correct and adjusting your product or approach as necessary,   || CORRECT: Iterative
agile|108	Large-scale scrum (LeSS) aims to organize several development teams toward a common goal by extending the scrum method across teams. What is NOT one of the similarities between large-scale scrum and normal scrum?  || CORRECT: Valuing individuals over results
agile|109	Large-scale scrum aims to organize several development teams towards a common goal by extending scrum across teams. Which of the techniques below was NOT added to scrum to create LeSS?  || CORRECT: One single product release with no stakeholder feedback allowed
agile|110	You're working on a project with clear procedures based on past projects. The product is clear and the risks are fairly well known as the organization has done this before. Which is true from the below?  || CORRECT: It's definable work so you can choose a predictive project lifecycle
agile|111	You are an agile project manager leading a project team who is used to a waterfall way of work. The project sponsor wants to plan the entire project up front so they can see when the project will be delivered. You tell them that agile uses   || CORRECT: Adaptive planning allows the team to deliver usable features while continually re-prioritizing the next pieces based on 
agile|112	You're a scrum master and you're about to begin a new iteration in your agile project. New features have been added to the backlog and the team are unsure which of those features to work on next. How will you guide the product owner and the  || CORRECT: Analyze the value of each feature with the product owner versus the effort and the risk
agile|113	You're doing great coaching some of the team members who are new to agile and someone asks what you mean when you say a time box. What will you tell them?  || CORRECT: It is a period of time in which certain work is completed, such as an iteration
agile|114	While on an agile project team, you prioritize the backlog of features with the product owner and agree what you will work on first. The project sponsor wants to know how long it will take to deliver some of this value. How will you estimat  || CORRECT: Break down the feature into tasks or user stories, then estimate how long those tasks will take to complete with the dev
agile|115	You're working with an agile team on your first iteration. The feature has been chosen by the product owner and the team breaks it down into user stories to work on. What is a user story?  || CORRECT: A feature or functionality small enough to be completed in one to three days
agile|116	You've begun working on a new project in a new organization and the project team mentions you are working in an iterative project environment. How do you know you're working within an iterative project life cycle?  || CORRECT: You are improving the product or result through successive prototypes or proofs of concept
agile|117	In 2001, a group of individuals representing the most widely used lightweight software development methodologies agreed on a common set of values and principles that became known as the Agile Manifesto. Which of the following is one of the   || CORRECT: Responding to change over following a plan
agile|118	You are working on a project where the organization wants to move towards an agile way of work. Which two project life cycles combine to create an agile environment?  || CORRECT: Iterative and incremental
agile|119	You have come on board a new project team and you've been advised that the project works with a predictive style of project life cycle. How will you know you're working in a predictive or waterfall style approach?  || CORRECT: The bulk of the planning is done up front and then executed in a single sequential process
agile|120	You're working as a project manager in an agile team. Which of the below are NOT examples of execution practices you will see in agile?  || CORRECT: The project management plan where the project is planned in detail up front to avoid misunderstanding by project stakeho
agile|121	The product owner has worked with the development team to list all the work to be done, write up the user stories for each feature and place them into the product backlog. What will you do next?  || CORRECT: Sort the items by business priority, place them in an iteration, complete the items and then remove them from the backlo
agile|122	The business partner or product owner continuously refines or grooms the product backlog. This includes adding new stories, reprioritizing stories and removing stories when needed. What role does the development team take during this proces  || CORRECT: Estimating the work needed for each card so the product owner can prioritize based on value and effort
agile|123	You are working with your agile project team to estimate each task and how long they might take. The team is finding it difficult to give an exact figure and worries that it might impact project delivery. What can you show them to estimate   || CORRECT: Use comparative estimates or relative sizing such as t-shirt sizing or story points
agile|124	You're an agile project manager and talking through the iteration with the product owner. They have created the list of items in the product backlog but there is confusion in the team about who should perform the process of story card sizin  || CORRECT: The agile team work together to size the story cards relying mostly on information from the developers and testers
agile|125	You've been estimating story cards with your agile project team but the effort captured has not been matching the time it ends up taking to complete. What is the most likely reason for this occurring?  || CORRECT: The team have not included testing or refactoring in the estimate
agile|126	You're an agile team leader and talking through the process for your first retrospective. The team is curious as to what they should do. What is the way a team retrospective would normally work?  || CORRECT: Discuss what was successful, what could be improved, and incorporate those into future iterations
agile|127	The 12th principle of agile is: at regular intervals, the team reflects on how to become more effective, then tunes and adjusts its behavior accordingly. In practice this is a retrospective. What is the practical reason for including retros  || CORRECT: It helps the team learn about and improve their process over time
agile|128	Retrospectives are typically held at the end of an iteration, but an agile team can hold retrospectives at any other time. What is NOT a time that an agile team might hold a retrospective?  || CORRECT: When the feature backlog has not been created and work is yet to begin
agile|129	You are in a new project team and working through which project life cycle or way of work to use in order to deliver the products to your customer and how far to modify that project lifecycle. What are some of the project factors that will   || CORRECT: Whether the flow of work is often interrupted by various delays or impediments and is easily definable or highly uncerta
agile|130	You're in the forming stages of a new project team and deciding on the way of work. What are some of the factors that will influence how you tailor the product life cycle?  || CORRECT: All of the above
agile|131	You're working through the backlog with the product owner and estimating the story cards with the development team. The team have never worked on a product like this before and they're unsure if the estimates are accurate enough. What will   || CORRECT: Affinity estimating using actual effort from a similar feature on a different project
agile|132	You're delivering features through your agile project and the project sponsor and product owner are happy with the progress. Your project sponsor raises a concern about future items and what that development will look like. What will you sh  || CORRECT: The product roadmap that shows planned future features and their approximate dates, similarly to a Gantt chart
agile|133	The agile team is estimating story cards using planning poker for one of the larger features. Some of the team have estimated three points while the others have estimated eight points. How will you guide them to come to an agreement?  || CORRECT: Ask the high and the low estimators to discuss their reasons and the team to estimate again until a consensus is reached
agile|134	The agile team is working through a particularly complex feature that is difficult for the team to find a solution for. As the agile lead you recommend a spike. What is a spike?  || CORRECT: A time-boxed task to explore or investigate an issue
agile|135	You've been completing small usable increments of value as part of your agile team. When reporting back to the project sponsor, the last iteration was referred to as a 'fast failure'. What does that actually mean?  || CORRECT: The proof of concept for that iteration did not have the intended outcome
agile|136	Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) focuses on roles and activities in the portfolio, program and project levels and organizes the enterprise around value streams that provide value to the customer. What is NOT one of the principles of SAFe?  || CORRECT: Plan carefully for a large single feature release